Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Try to always get along with Taku-chan.
You take good care of him.
U-Um, ma'am! It's not like that!
It's not like...
Hon?
Oh no, heatstroke! Someone help!
H-Honjoji-san!
I'll ring Dr. Whiskers.
You get her inside.
A-All right.
You're gonna be okay!
Sh-She's heavy!
My back's gonna break!
Dad?!
How about We Travel Together?
T-Takuya!
What are you doin' here?!
Never mind, we need to lay her down!
Be gentle about it!
Gentle...
Everyone's waitin' for you at home!
I was going to contact you.
This lady... Didn't I meet her
the other day in Tokyo?
What happened to me?
Someone's touching me.
Don't, I'm all sweaty.
What's going on? What's she doing here?
I heard you were comin'
on account of the wedding!
Hold on, is she...
U-Uh...
Aww, it hurts.
Did you call your Aunt Kyoko?
I know you haven't seen her lately, but
she looked after you when you were young!
Dad, listen!
I ain't gettin' married!
Aww, it hurts.
Huh?!
I know I caused problems
by not fessin' up until now.
I'm really sorry.
This is gonna take more than a "sorry."
You got any idea how much—
Grandpa's sleepin' in there!
Bring her in here!
Any idea how much I've been
runnin' around over this?!
Th-That's why I apologized!
You coulda told me it was a lie in Tokyo!
Oh, Takuya. Keep her head supported.
Oh, g-got it.
You've always taken too long to do stuff.
It was the same story with swimming!
Swimming?! That was back in grade school!
And with curry!
Curry?!
When you eat curry,
there's always rice left over.
You never plan ahead!
How's that even related?
You add too much sauce! It ain't unlimited!
Quit goin' on about the sauce!
I put out a futon!
It ain't heatstroke.
If anything, she's tuckered out.
Just let her get some rest.
Thank you so much, Doctor.
I'll apologize to everyone at home.
If you say so.
Takuya.
It's high time you stopped
livin' life so half-assed.
Don't let me down!
I don't live my life half-assed.
It's all my fault!
'Cause I had her snippin' melons! Sorry!
It ain't your fault, Grandma!
That's right, don't you fret!
I really am sorry.
Like the doctor said, she's all right.
Huh?!
You're not gettin' hitched?!
You're kiddin'! I bought
a present and everything!
I know I caused trouble for you two and Mom.
I'm sorry.
It's Taku-chan!
We jumped to the wrong conclusion?
But a fake marriage, though.
It's like a TV show.
Guess I cooked too much food, then.
Fess up, how in tarnation
did all this happen?
Yeah, yeah. Tell us.
What's this coworker of yours like?
Should we go check up on her?
N-No, don't worry about it.
Taku-chan, how long'll you be here?
Taku-chan, let's play!
Taku-chan! Taku-chan!
Let's play!
Sorry, they're always so noisy.
I'm just glad they were in a good mood.
Say hello to your grandma for me.
Will do.
Your dad'll probably be mad for a while,
but I'll get him to simmer down.
Sorry.
Never you mind.
That young lady's important
to you now, ain't she?
You'd best look out for her.
Yeah, I know.
Hang in there!
Welcome back, Taku-chan.
You done talkin' to 'em?
Yeah. How's Honjoji-san?
Still asleep, looks like.
She sure was tired.
I'll leave her be until she feels better.
We can leave anytime.
I'm gonna turn in for the night.
Me too. Today was exhausting.
I put out a futon upstairs.
Thank you. Good night.
I can still feel Honjoji-san's warmth.
I'm in the same room as her?!
Why, Grandma?!
I-I need to move this futon somewhere else.
No way am I sleeping here!
Huh? What happened to me?!
Ohara-kun?!
Uh, look! This futon isn't what you think!
H-Have I been asleep this whole time?
Yes, you collapsed
in the yard this afternoon.
What?!
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm much better now.
Uh, what happened with you going back home?
Oh, that.
I already went and apologized to everyone.
Huh?
So, everything is fine now.
No, I'll apologize to them too!
No, you can just take it easy.
The only thing I accomplished
was taking a nap.
Talk about awkward.
Tomorrow, I'll go apologize properly.
That sounds like a lot of frogs.
That's a country night for you.
Um, is it okay if we go outside for a while?
Oh, sure.
It's so dark.
That's a country night for you.
It gets very bright when the moon is out.
A-Are you okay?
I-I'm fine!
It's a tree frog.
He's good at catching them.
Tell me, were you the one
who carried me this afternoon?
Yes, my father and I did.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
I was immersed in what I was doing.
I got so into cutting melons,
I lost track of everything.
That must have been why I collapsed.
Maybe I enjoyed it more than I realized.
Meeting you has taken me
to some curious places.
I've been on plenty of trips,
but never one like this.
Although I probably shouldn't
be having such thoughts.
U-Um...
You gave me that stone before,
the frog-shaped stone.
I placed it in front of my TV.
I'd never been given that sort of thing,
so it made me... happy.
When I look at the stone it...
always makes me think of you.
This peculiar experience.
A trip only two people can take.
Maybe...
Maybe this is... marriage.
Uh, that's why I'm...
I'm glad you—
Ribbit
Croak
So many frogs croaking.
It is the countryside, and all.
L-Let's head on back.
Y-Yes, let's.
Oh, I'll... move my futon out of that room.
R-Right. Thank you.
Croak
I didn't sleep well.
Uh, that's why I'm...
I'm glad you—
What was Ohara-kun going to say after that?
I wish I knew.
No, no, no.
You're overthinking this!
It's not a big deal anyway, no.
Good morning, hon.
Oh, good morning.
Breakfast is ready.
Good morning.
Ohara-kun?
G-Good morning.
Uh, sorry for all the mess yesterday.
I'm sorry too.
How are you feeling?
I-I'm fine.
Uh...
I really am fine!
I-I'm just not quite done getting ready.
Oh, I'm sorry!
Leavin' so soon?
Sorry you had such a rough spell.
No, it's okay.
I'll send you some melons.
Y'all come back now, hear?
I appreciate your kindness.
We're really going to my parents' place?
Yes, I'm going to apologize too.
It takes about 20 minutes to walk there.
I don't mind at all.
All right, then.
He has bedhead. His hair is all fluffy.
Looks like it'd feel nice
to run my hands through it.
Cut that out. I didn't come here
to think about things like that!
Um, Honjoji-san.
It's this way.
Huh?!
Honjoji-san...
...from JTC!
You made a special trip here?
I'm truly sorry for all the fuss I caused.
Oh, not at all.
Looks like it's my son
who caused you the fuss.
N-No!
I heard 'bout that horrible job transfer.
Where was it? Aizuwakamatsu?
Anchorage.
It's a hell of a plan.
Sure is.
That's Tokyo for ya.
Where would you like to go overseas?
Can she handle them?
Taku-chan, why're you just standin' there?
I could go for an overseas job transfer.
Huh? Oh, well...
You came all this way.
Why not show her around Aso?
Doesn't your return flight leave tonight?
Oh, but I haven't gotten
to apologize to his father.
Sorry about that. Our father
went to work again today.
He's too embarrassed, bless his heart.
But what's worth seein' in
these parts beyond the scenery?
Th—
The volcano museum!
Y'all have fun!
I'm sorry. It ended up
sounding like I was insisting.
That's okay. I'm glad there was
somewhere you wanted to go.
I've actually been wanting
to go for a while now.
The Aso Volcano Museum.
I don't think I've been there
since a grade-school field trip.
Looks like there isn't much fog today.
It's wonderful!
I can suddenly hear
the Bochi Komori theme song!
Bochi Komori?
Oh, that show where they walk around towns.
I've watched it plenty myself.
Right.
That soothing melody that makes me want
to travel is playing right now in my ears!
Honjoji Rika
Komori
Bochi Komori
Aso
This is Bochi Komori.
Today, we're here in Aso.
Thousand-meter tall mountains tower
over this world-class caldera,
and there seems to be plenty worth seeing.
Let's go ahead and get to it, Komori-san.
You got it.
Mount Aso is an active volcano, with
smoke rising from it this very moment.
We've been told nobody
is allowed in on certain days,
but things seem fine today.
So, let's start in on today's
episode of Bochi Komori.
Honjoji-san?
Uh, Honjoji-san?
Excuse me.
Honjoji-san?
Sorry, please come back!
Formation of the Aso Volcano
This is a good view of both
Mount Naka and Kusasenri.
The entirety of Kusasenri
is in the outer caldera.
Huh?
And the pond on the east side
is in the inner caldera.
It's what they call a double volcano.
D-Double?
The inner caldera was formed
when a lava dome blew off,
and part of it still remains
as Komatate-yama Hill.
That's the reason this mountain
has bilateral asymmetry.
Wow, check out the view!
Hey!
Come on, you're botherin' the other patrons!
I really need you to stop!
I-I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Please, I'm begging you.
Okay! Listen, who here can be quiet?
Hey, good for you.
You did a great job being quiet.
Way to go.
Ohara-kun?
I thought back to our rookie training.
It's a trick for leading grade-schoolers.
All children are eager for praise.
So, if you start by praising
the ones who quiet down,
the rest should follow their lead.
D-Do all of you know about the Kicking Myth?
A god broke Mount Aso
by giving it a hard kick.
Or so the story goes.
Say what now?
I-It's said that...
i-it happened to the south,
at Tateno Crater Shallows.
Tateno Crater Shallows?
Have you heard of a placed called Tateno?
Yeah! I have!
It's called that because
after the god did his kick,
he fell over and said "Taten no."
("I can't get up.")
You're kiddin'!
That's a dad joke!
Crazy!
Bye bye!
See ya!
Are you tired?
Huh? N-No.
Looks like my sister will take us
to the airport on her way home,
so this was perfect timing.
Right.
This trip was kind of hectic
the whole time. Sorry.
No, it's fine!
His hair looks really nice to touch.
Meeting you has taken me
to some curious places.
This peculiar experience.
A trip only two people can take.
I'll go let my sister know we're here.
All right.
Nao?
Takuya?!
What're you doin' here?!
Right back atcha!
When did you come back to Aso?!
Oh, Nao-chan. You're here.
Hi there, ma'am!
I finished another new one.
Really? Show us!
It's so purty!
Look, Takuya. Nao-chan made this plate.
You really became a glassmaker?
For three years now. You didn't know?
That's amazin'. You've always
been good at everything.
R-Really? Thanks.
Nao, I came here with a coworker.
U-Um, hello.
Her name's Nao. We've been
neighbors since we were born.
I-I-I'm Miyama Nao!
Pardon me for not greeting you sooner!
I'm Honjoji. Nice to meet you.
Did my standard Japanese sound okay?
Huh?
What're you gettin' all respectful for, Nao?
Don't be so condescendin', Takuya!
Bein' in Tokyo makes you mister big shot?!
What are you, a child?!
Your hair's as crazy as ever!
Yeah, well so's yours!
You two're too old for this tomfoolery.
Knock that off!
Well, well.
I should have known.
I was imagining something beyond my station.
I don't get to have any dramatic tales.
Rein it in, already.
Honjoji-san.
Yes?
I'd like you to be my friend!
I'm going to a workshop
in a place called Katsushika soon.
That's in Tokyo!
Huh? You're comin' to Tokyo?
Yep!
What?
You're goin' there too, Nao-chan?
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
So, Honjoji-san.
Lookin' forward to seein' ya there!